Docs for testing/nightly deployments (#443)
crate/croud: docs/commands/clusters.rst

   | 8d6a7c3c-61d5-11e9-a639-34e12d2331a1 | my-first-crate-cluster |        1 | 4.8.0        | 952cd102-91c1-4837-962a-12ecb71a6ba8 | admin       | my-first-crate-cluster.eastus.azure.cratedb.net. |
   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+--------------+--------------------------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------------------+

Deployment of testing/nightly versions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> For the users that want to get their hands on new features early, it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the users that want to get their hands on new features early, it is
```

possible to deploy versions from our ``testing`` and ``nightly`` channels.

``testing`` - These are versions that are being evaluated for promotion
to a stable release.

``nightly`` - These are built every night with the latest changes. They
will possibly contain newer features, but they also have potential to be less
stable than ``testing`` channel.

Both ``testing`` and ``nightly`` channel releases are available `here`_.

We want to emphasize the following about ``testing`` and ``nightly`` channels:

* They are for advanced users only.

* They are not suitable for production deployments.

* It is not possible to switch channels, e.g from ``testing`` to ``nightly``,

>   or from ``testing`` to stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or from ``testing`` to ``stable``.
```
